LAST TIME ON...
WHO'S NEXT?
HOW ABOUT YOU?
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR A REMATCH SINCE
LAST YEAR, JADEN!
YOU AND ME TOMORROW!
YOUR DECK. IT'S
ALL DIFFERENT NOW.
WHERE DID ALL OF
YOUR OJAMA CARDS GO?
THOSE FREAKS?
THEY'RE GONE NOW!
BUT THEY WERE
YOUR FAVORITES!
OH, PHOOEY!
DON'T HURT US!
FOR THE LAST TIME,
WE'RE NOT SHRIMP.
IT'S A GIANT!
DON'T EAT ME!
SO YOU'RE DOWN HERE!
I THOUGHT I'D NEVER
FIND YOU!
YOU GOTTA HELP US!
WE'RE SCARED OF THE DARK!
RELAX, GUYS! YOU'RE
COMING HOME WITH ME!
DOES THIS MEAN YOU'RE
GONNA ADOPT US?
ACTUALLY, I HAVE
A BETTER PLAN!
I'M GONNA REUNITE
YOU WITH CHAZZ!
HE AND I ARE
DUELING TOMORROW!
LET'S DUEL!
SOUNDS GOOD!
ALL RIGHT, OJAMAS.
WE WIN THIS DUEL,
AND CHAZZ GOES BACK
TO HIS OLD SELF, OK?
I'LL SHOW YA SOME
REAL CARDS!
WHITE KNIGHT LORD!
SINCE MY WHITE KNIGHT SWORDSMAN
IS IN THE GRAVE,
MY LORD GETS
EVEN STRONGER!
SO YOU'RE THROUGH!
MASTER SARTORIUS HAS
GIVEN ME MORE POWER
THAN MY OLD DECK
EVER COULD!
[CHUCKLES SINISTERLY]
THAT'S WHY YOU'RE TRYING
TO TURN ME AGAINST
HIM, ISN'T IT, JADEN?
BECAUSE YOU'RE JEALOUS!
[OJAMAS SIGH]
CHAZZ, YOU'RE IN WORSE
SHAPE THAN I THOUGHT.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: CHAZZ JUST PLAYED
HIS STRONGEST MONSTER,
AND THE WORST PART IS
IT'S STILL HIS TURN!
NOW WHAT?
Syrus: HE CAN ALWAYS
HIDE IN A TRASH CAN.
HEY, DORK.
YOU ALMOST HAD ME
FOOLED, YA KNOW THAT?
I WAS ALMOST CONVINCED
THAT I WAS BRAINWASHED!
BUT NOW I KNOW WHY
I JOINED THE SOCIETY--
TO CLEANSE THE WORLD
WITH THE POWER OF LIGHT!
Ojamas:
HE'S OFFICIALLY LOST IT.
HOW ARE YOU GONNA
CLEANSE THE WORLD?!
COME ON!
YOU'RE A SLOB!
IF YOU WANNA
CLEANSE SOMETHING, THEN
TRY DOING SOME LAUNDRY!
SAY WHAT?
YOU HEARD ME!
WANT THE TRUTH?
YOU USED TO USE
YOUR OWN JACKET
TO WIPE UP FOOD
IN THE CAFETERIA!
AND WHEN I BROUGHT
IT HERE,
THAT THING REEKED
OF TUNA FISH!
THAT WASN'T ME!
THAT WAS THE OLD CHAZZ!
MY NEW JACKET IS ALL ABOUT
LOYALTY AND RESPECT!
MAYBE I SHOULDN'T
HAVE RIPPED THE SLEEVES
OFF THIS THING!
SINCE MY SWORDSMAN'S
IN THE GRAVEYARD,
MY KNIGHT GETS STRONGER!
LET'S SEE THE THREE
STOOGES STOP HIM NOW!
UH, JADEN,
I JUST REMEMBERED,
I HAVE
AN APPOINTMENT!
YEAH, THAT'S IT,
WITH MY HAIRDRESSER!
YEAH! AND MY
GRANDMOTHER'S SICK!
MINE, TOO!
THE POOR OLD BAG.
COME ON.
SOUNDS LIKE LARRY, MOE,
AND CURLY ARE WIMPING OUT!
YOU CAN STILL
HEAR THE OJAMAS,
CAN'T YOU, CHAZZ?
Boys:
HIS NAME'S "THE" CHAZZ!
SO WHAT? MAYBE I CAN.
YA THINK
THAT CHANGES ANYTHING?
I'M STILL GONNA
PUMMEL THOSE PEONS!
MATTER OF FACT, MY KNIGHT'S
GONNA DO IT RIGHT NOW!
[OJAMAS SCREAM]
GOOD-BYE CRUEL WORLD!
OUR TIME IS UP!
HEY, KNUCKLEHEADS!
WOULD YOU
GET A GRIP?
IF YOU THINK
ABOUT IT,
ONLY ONE
OF US HAS TO GO!
AND I CHOOSE YOU!
WHY ME?!
Ojama green and Ojama black:
YOU'RE THE BRAVE ONE.
ATTACK OJAMA BLACK!
AAH!
WE'RE ALIVE!
OH, DID I MENTION,
MY WHITE KNIGHT HAS
A SPECIAL ABILITY!
EVERY TIME IT DESTROYS
A MONSTER IN BATTLE,
YOUR SCORE TAKES 300 POINTS
OF DIRECT DAMAGE!
UH! OHH!
YOU ALL RIGHT,
BOSS?
YOU ALL RIGHT, BOSS?
HEY, DORK, YOU'RE
ALMOST OUT OF POINTS!
YOU READY TO
GIVE UP, OR WHAT?
NOT QUITE.
I'M NOT GIVING UP
UNTIL YOU COME TO
YOUR SENSES, CHAZZ!
AH, JADEN.
WE'D LIKE
TO GIVE UP.
YOU GUYS ARE SUPPOSED
TO BE HIS FRIENDS!
REMEMBER?
I MEAN, THINK OF
ALL THE GOOD TIMES!
YOU GUYS HAVE
BEEN THROUGH
SO MUCH TOGETHER!
Ojama yellow:
VERY FUNNY, BOSS.
Ojama green: HELP ME!
Ojama black:
WHERE'S THE LOVE?
THANKS FOR THE MEMORIES!
AND ALL THOSE
"GOOD TIMES"!
YEAH, BOSS!
WE OWE YA ONE!
THAT'S RIGHT.
IT'S PAYBACK TIME!
GOOD ENOUGH.
ALL RIGHT, CHAZZ, MY MOVE!
AND I PLAY POT OF GREED!
SO I DRAW TWO CARDS.
SWEET! HERE WE GO!
IT'S FUSION TIME!
AND I'LL USE IT
TO MERGE MY TWO OJAMAS!
READY, BOYS?
WE WERE BORN READY!
YOU KNOW IT!
Both: NOW MERGE
TO FORM...
OJAMA KNIGHT,
AT YOUR SERVICE!
WHAT ON EARTH IS THAT?
OJAMA KNIGHT HAS
A SPECIAL EFFECT!
SHOW HIM WHAT YOU
CAN DO, PAL!
GLADLY, SIRE!
TALLY HO!
NO WAY! WHO ARE YOU?
WE SCHLEPPED ALL
THE WAY HERE FOR THIS?
YOU'RE JUST CRANKY
'CAUSE HE INTERRUPTED
YOUR SHUFFLEBOARD GAME!
THE OJAMAS' GRANDPARENTS
ARE IN TOWN
TO TAKE UP TWO
OF YOUR MONSTER ZONES!
GET LOST,
YOU OLD GEEZERS!
STANLEY, DO
YOU HEAR THAT?
WHAT'S THAT NOISE?
WHO KNOWS? I HAVEN'T
HEARD ANYTHING FOR YEARS.
NOW I ACTIVATE
ANOTHER CARD--
THE EQUIP SPELL,
SHIELD ATTACK!
THE MONSTER EQUIPPED
WITH THIS CARD
GETS TO SWAP
ITS ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS.
THAT MEANS
MY OJAMA KNIGHT
GETS STRONGER!
CHECK IT OUT!
JOLLY GOOD!
[DEEP VOICE]
NOW, THIS IS MORE LIKE IT!
STILL THINK
OJAMAS ARE
WORTHLESS?
OF COURSE!
OH, YEAH? I HAVE
A FEELING THIS WILL
CHANGE YOUR MIND.
OJAMA KNIGHT, ATTACK
HIS WHITE KNIGHT!
WITH PLEASURE, MILORD!
THIS IS FOR MY BROTHER!
NO WAY!
YA SEE WHAT I MEAN?
NO MATER HOW
BIG THEY ARE,
ALL OJAMAS ARE
COMPLETELY WORTHLESS!
AS FOR MY MONSTER, HE HAS
ANOTHER SPECIAL EFFECT!
MY WHITE KNIGHT CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
NO MATTER WHO ATTACKS!
I HAVE FAILED THEE...
[SQUEAKY VOICE]
MILORD!
OH, GREAT!
THAT WAS MY BAD.
SORRY, BRO.
BUT WHAT EVER WILL
WE DO NOW, SIRE?
PLAY THIS!
I ACTIVATE A SPELL CARD
CALLED MYSTIK WOK!
[ALL SCREAMING]
Grandfather: OY. GEVALT!
THERE GOES MY BACK!
Grandmother: I'M READY
TO GO HOME NOW, STANLEY!
NO PROBLEM,
'CAUSE WITH MYSTIC WOK,
I CAN SACRIFICE YOU!
BUT THERE'S MORE!
MY LIFE POINTS GET A BOOST!
AND GUESS WHAT.
IT'S EQUAL TO MY KNIGHT'S
DEFENSE POINTS!
WELL, GOOD RIDDANCE!
IN FACT, THAT'S THE SMARTEST
MOVE YOU'VE MADE YET!
WELL, DON'T LOOK NOW,
BUT YOUR PALS
ARE ABOUT TO RETURN
TO THE FIELD,
THANKS TO MY OJAMANDALA
SPELL CARD.
THAT AND A THOUSAND
LIFE POINTS!
SO IT'S TIME
FOR A REUNION!
COME ON, GUYS!
WE GOT A JOB TO DO!
All: THE BOYS ARE BACK!
NOW STRIKE A POSE!
YEAH!
Ojamas: WANT SOME OF THIS?
WELL-DONE!
YOU RAISED
YOUR POWER SUPPLY
AND FORTIFIED YOUR
DEFENSIVE TROOPS!
IF YOU'RE DONE,
HERE'S A REAL MOVE!
I DRAW!
THEN I ACTIVATE THIS--
A SPELL CARD!
IT'S KNOWN
AS INFERNAL GAUNTLET.
IT LETS ME ATTACK
EVERY TIME I SEND A MONSTER
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
NO WAY!
NEXT I PLAY
THE SPELL CARD
STRAY LAMBS!
OF COURSE, ONE LITTLE
LAMMY HAS TO GO
SO MY KNIGHT CAN ATTACK!
AND OF COURSE,
FOR EVERY MONSTER
WHITE KNIGHT LORD DESTROYS,
YOU LOSE 300 LIFE POINTS!
SO TAKE THIS, DORK!
AAH!
TOUGH BREAK.
NOW I SACRIFICE
LAMB TOKEN NUMBER TWO!
AAH!
OH, NO!
WHY IS HE ATTACKING
THOSE TWERPS?
I MEAN, IT'S NOT LIKE
THEY'RE A THREAT TO HIM.
THAT CHAZZ REALLY
GRINDS
MY GEARS!
[SYRUS MOANING]
OOPSIE!
PRETTY SWEET MOVE,
CHAZZ!
BUT NOW IT'S MY TURN!
YOU WISH!
MY KNIGHT HAS ONE
MORE ATTACK, AND YOU
HAVE ONE MORE DWEEB!
PLEASE, BOSS,
SPARE MY LIFE.
HAS THE LAST YEAR
MEANT NOTHING TO YOU?
OH, PIPE DOWN!
THAT'S ENOUGH OUT OF YOU!
I'M STAMPING YOU OUT
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
AND NOW,
WHITE KNIGHT LORD, ATTACK!
AAH!
UH!
I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP CARD--
OVER LIMIT!
SO I PAY 500 LIFE POINTS
AND GET A MONSTER BACK
FROM THE GRAVE!
THAT'S RIGHT.
IT'S YOUR OLD PAL!
OH, GREAT.
ENOUGH! WHAT IS IT WITH
YOU AND THESE FREAKS?
THESE FREAKS
ARE YOUR FRIENDS.
AND I'M HERE TO MAKE
YOU REMEMBER THAT.
HEY, WHAT'S UP? YOU
DON'T LOOK SO GOOD.
THE ONLY THING BROKEN IS
MY LITTLE OJAMA HEART.
ATTACK ME ALL YOU WANT,
BUT DON'T TELL ME I NEVER
MEANT ANYTHING TO YOU!
THINK, BOSS. WE HAD
SOMETHING SPECIAL.
DON'T THROW IT AWAY!
I CAN'T BEAR
TO LOSE YOU AGAIN!
HE'S RIGHT, CHAZZ.
Chazz, thinking: THERE'S
NO WAY I ACTUALLY LIKE
THAT LITTLE
PIT STAIN, IS THERE?
NO! THIS IS PITY
I'M FEELING!
YEAH! I PITY HIM FOR
BEING SO PITIFUL!
COME ON.
CONCENTRATE, CHAZZ!
THINK ABOUT HOW
YOU FEEL,
NOT HOW SARTORIUS
TOLD YOU TO FEEL!
BACK OFF!
YOU OWE EVERYTHING
TO THE OJAMA
BROTHERS, CHAZZ!
AND DEEP DOWN,
YOU KNOW IT!
YOU'D BE NOTHING
WITHOUT THEM!
Ojama yellow: WE KNOW YOU
BETTER THAN ANYONE!
AND THIS ISN'T YOU!
YOU ALWAYS HATED
THE COLOR WHITE, AND LOOK
WHAT YOU'RE WEARING!
IT'S TRUE, MAN.
YOU DON'T EVEN LOOK LIKE
YOURSELF!
WAKE UP, CHAZZ!
YOU WORE THE SAME BLACK
JACKET EVERY DAY!
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
YOU KNOW YOU WANNA TRY
IT ON, DON'T YA?
BLACK IS YOUR COLOR!
KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE THE DIRT
DOESN'T SHOW!
BUT I'M ALWAYS CLEAN!
IS THAT?
IT IS!
IT'S A STAIN!
WHO AM I?
AAH!
SARTORIUS USED
THE LIGHT TO BLIND ME
FROM THE TRUTH!
HE WANTS EVERYONE
TO BE EXACTLY THE SAME!
ALL HAIL THE LIGHT.
[CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
I'M NOT LIKE THOSE GEEKS,
ALWAYS PRANCING AROUND
IN THEIR CLEAN WHITE CLOTHES.
I HATE WEARING WHITE!
I'M NOT PERFECT,
AND I DON'T CARE!
KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE I'M PROUD OF
WHO I AM!
ME, TOO!
YOU'RE A FILTHY SLOB!
AND SOMETIMES
YOU SMELL
LIKE CHEESE!
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND I CAN BE
A REAL JERK, TOO!
Ojama yellow: THAT'S
WHY WE LOVE YA!
HEY, WHAT'S THAT?
AND THESE CARDS, I NEVER
HAD THESE IN MY DECK!
JADEN!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
WITH MY LAME MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD?
HE CALLED US
HIS MONSTERS!
ZIP IT!
ALL RIGHT! WE GOT
OUR CHAZZ BACK!
JADEN, YOU STOLE
MY DECK, DIDN'T YOU?
ARE YOU NUTS? OH, MAN.
THIS IS WORSE
THAN I THOUGHT!
DON'T YOU REMEMBER
ANYTHING?
WHEN YOU LOST
TO SARTORIUS, HE
BRAINWASHED YOU!
AND SINCE THEN,
WE'VE BEEN TRYING
TO SNAP YOU OUT OF IT!
BRAINWASHED?
YUP! YOU JOINED HIS
SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
SEE THAT MONSTER?
SARTORIUS GAVE THAT
TO YOU AS A REWARD
FOR YOUR LOYALTY.
YOU'VE BEEN LIKE
HIS LITTLE PUPPET!
YOU'RE KIDDING ME!
HEY, WAIT A SEC!
THE LAST THING I
REMEMBER WAS SARTORIUS
DEFEATING ME!
AAH!
GET THESE RIDICULOUS
CLOTHES OFF ME!
[CHUCKLING]
THERE WE GO.
LIKE I ALWAYS SAY, IF IT
CAN'T HIDE THE DIRT,
THEN I DON'T WANT
IT OVER MY SHIRT!
ACTUALLY, I JUST
MADE THAT UP.
[SNIFFS]
MAN, I LOVE THAT SMELL!
ALL RIGHT!
KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS?
NO IDEA!
I DO!
ME TOO!
TIME TO CHAZZ
IT UP, GUYS!
[THUNDER]
UP HIGH!
I KNEW WE COULD
GET HIM BACK, BRO!
YEAH!
I KNEW SARTORIUS WAS
PERSUASIVE,
BUT I DIDN'T KNOW HE
USED MIND-CONTROL!
SINCE WE'RE IN
THE MIDDLE OF A DUEL,
I MEAN, THERE'S
NO REASON TO STOP.
SO LET'S FINISH
THIS THING!
SOUNDS GOOD.
GAME ON, CHAZZ!
WAIT. THERE'S SOMETHING
I GOTTA DO FIRST.
I ACTIVATE THIS!
IT'S CALLED
CEMETERY CHANGE
AND AFTER I PAY
A THOUSAND POINTS,
IT DESTROYS EVERY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD!
AND NEXT, WE SWAP EVERY
CARD IN OUR GRAVEYARDS!
WE SWAP THEM?
YOU HEARD ME.
I'M TAKING BACK THE DECK
THAT YOU STOLE FROM ME
BEFORE THE DUEL STARTED.
I TOLD YOU.
I NEVER ACTUALLY
STOLE YOUR DECK!
YEAH, WHATEVER.
ANYWAY, IT'S STILL
MY TURN, SO STAND BACK!
I PLAY INFERNAL TRANSACTION!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
YOU SUMMON A MONSTER
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD
WITH AT LEAST
2,000 ATTACK POINTS.
AND AS FOR ME,
I GET TO REMOVE
ONE MOVE SPELL CARD
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
AS SO I ADD OJAMANDALA
TO MY HAND!
YOU HAVE ONLY ONE CHOICE!
AND THAT'S TO SUMMON
WHITE KNIGHT LORD!
WAIT! WHY HIM?
DON'T I GET TO CHOOSE
THE MONSTER?!
AREN'T YOU PAYING
ATTENTION?
IT'S THE ONLY ONE
THAT FITS THE BILL.
NOW MOVING ON,
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD
OJAMANDALA!
HEE HEE!
HEY, NOW!
HA HA HA!
Ojama black: WE DIDN'T
WANNA FIGHT YA!
YEAH, IT WAS
ALL JADEN'S IDEA!
I THOUGHT SO!
HE STOLE YOUR DECK.
THE BULLY.
WHAT'S WORSE,
JADEN THREATENED
US WITH VIOLENCE!
I DID?
YEAH, WELL,
I FIGURED AS MUCH.
CHAZZ, LISTEN.
READY, BOYS? LET'S GO!
TIME TO TEAR
THIS DECK-STEALING
WISE GUY APART!
Ojamas: YOU GOT IT!
WHAT? NO FAIR.
THAT'S WHAT I GET
FOR TRYIN' TO HELP
A GUY OUT? FIGURES.
NEVER TRUST THREE MUTANTS
IN BIKINI BRIEFS.
LIKE I SAY, YA GOTTA
MAKE THE MOST
WITH THE CARDS
YOU'VE BEEN DEALT.
SO, WHITE KNIGHT LORD,
ATTACK!
LET'S START
WITH OJAMA YELLOW!
AAH!
NOW KNIGHT LORD'S
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
SO YOU TAKE
THREE HUNDRED POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
BUT I GUESS YOU
DON'T REMEMBER THAT!
BOSS!
AAH!
YOU GOT A LOT
OF NERVE, PAL!
I'VE GOT NERVE?!
YOU GUYS JUST SOLD
ME UP THE RIVER,
AND I'VE GOT NERVE?
RELAX, GUYS!
THE CHAZZ IS HERE
AND I'VE GOT YOUR BACKS!
ALL RIGHT!
YEAH!
SO HERE GOES!
TO START, I'M ACTIVATING
THE GOBLIN NEGOTIATOR!
WITH THIS SPELL,
ONCE EVERY TURN,
I CAN MAKE A MONSTER
IMMUNE TO DAMAGE!
AND THEN YOU CAN DRAW
A CARD FROM YOUR DECK.
WITH THAT,
I END MY TURN.
ALL RIGHT, I'M
BRINGING MY A-GAME!
AND I'M SHOWING
NO MERCY!
I PLAY MY GLOW MOSS!
IT'S NOT
THAT STRONG,
BUT IT DOES HAVE
A SPECIAL ABILITY!
WHEN IT'S SUMMONED
TO THE FIELD,
YOU HAVE TO FLIP
THE TOP CARD IN YOUR
DECK AND SHOW IT TO ME!
WHAT MY GLOW MOSS
DOES NEXT DEPENDS
ON WHAT CARD
YOU FLIP OVER.
I KNOW HOW IT WORKS!
IT'S THE SPELL CARD,
SILENT DOOM.
AWESOME! NOW HE CAN
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY
WITH SPORE SPEAR!
AND NEXT,
WHITE KNIGHT LORD!
ATTACK OJAMA GREEN!
AAH!
NOT SO FAST!
THANKS TO GOBLIN NEGOTIATOR,
THE DAMAGE TO OJAMA GREEN
IS ZERO!
THAT'S TRUE.
BUT WHEN YOU PLAY
THAT SPELL CARD,
I GET TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD
FROM MY DECK!
SO BIG DEAL? WATCH THIS!
FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE SILENT DOOM!
WITH THIS, I CAN SUMMON
A MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
OJAMA YELLOW, COME BACK!
THANKS, BOSS!
Ojamas: BUT WAIT!
WE'RE TOO WEAK!
HE'LL CRUSH US LIKE BUGS!
Chazz: GET A GRIP,
YOU FREAKS!
I MEAN, THINK. YOU'RE
THE ACES OF MY DECK!
DID YOU SAY...
ACES?
Ojama yellow:
THAT REALLY
HURTS, BOSS.
AREN'T YOU
TIRED OF
INSULTING US.
AIN'T "ACES" GOOD?
YEAH.
I THINK CHAZZ
JUST COMPLIMENTED
US, GUYS!
LESS TALK, MORE ACTION!
THERE'S WORK TO DO!
Ojamas: RIGHT, BOSS!
SEE HIM? HE THINKS
YOU GUYS ARE WEAK.
HE THINKS YOU STINK!
AND YOU'VE GOTTA
PROVE HIM WRONG!
HEY, CHAZZ, NICE SPEECH.
GET A LIFE!
HUH?
I ACTIVATE
BURIED DESTINY!
NOW WHEN A CARD YOU
ALREADY USED ISN'T
IN YOUR GRAVEYARD,
I CAN ADD IT TO MY HAND.
SO PREPARE TO BE
BLOWN AWAY NOW,
'CAUSE I PLAY OJAMA
DELTA HURRICANE!
ALL RIGHT!
SICK HIM, BOYS!
WE DID IT!
PLEASE. WAS THERE
EVER ANY DOUBT?
I MEAN, WE'RE
THE OJAMA
BROTHERS, RIGHT?
THERE'S NOTHING
WE CAN'T DO!
All: THE BOSS!
Ojama green: OH, NO!
SOMETHING TELLS
ME WE JUST LOST!
BUT WHY?
BECAUSE WHEN
WHITE KNIGHT LORD
IS DESTROYED
BY A SPELL CARD, THE OPPONENT
LOSES A THOUSAND LIFE POINTS!
YOU KNEW THAT?
WHY'D YOU ATTACK?!
WELL. GUESS HE WAS LESS
INTERESTED IN WINNING,
AND MORE INTERESTED
IN DEFEATING THAT MONSTER.
MAKES SENSE.
SOME MONSTERS YOU
JUST HAVE TO BEAT.
I KNOW THAT FEELING
ALL TOO WELL.
YOU FORGOT SOMETHING.
YOU GET TO TAKE
HIS MEDALS.
IT JUST DOESN'T
SEEM RIGHT.
CHAZZ WASN'T
REALLY HIMSELF.
SO THE DUEL
DOESN'T COUNT, RIGHT?
IF YOU SAY SO.
YOU'RE MORE OF
A PUSHOVER THAN I THOUGHT.
CHAZZ HAS BEEN
THROUGH ENOUGH.
I GUESS YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT I STILL THINK
YOU'RE A PUSHOVER.
Chazz: ALEXIS!
SO SHE'S IN
THE SOCIETY OF
LIGHT, TOO?
I GET IT NOW.
SARTORIUS MUST HAVE
USED OUR LOVE TO
GET ME TO JOIN HIM!
HE DID? BUT
I DON'T GET IT.
I THOUGHT
CHAZZ JOINED
TO BEAT JADEN.
CLAM UP!
JUST LET THE GUY
THINK WHAT HE
WANTS TO THINK.
THAT'S WHAT MAKES
HIM SO CHARMING!
LOOK AT HIM.
FILLING THE HOLES
IN HIS MEMORY WITH
WILD DELUSIONS.
Chazz, thinking: ALEXIS,
JUST LIKE JADEN RESCUED ME,
I'M GONNA RESCUE YOU!
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR
GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ YOUR GAME ON ♪